100% these these people these people are
the lowest scum of the earth. Like these
people are so hateful it's unbelievable.
Right? They they will justify any crime
against Muslims. So that's an image of
the the victims unfortunately. These are
the three innocent The security guard is
I mean Yeah, Abdul Wahab and brother is
51 years old. And then you have a 78
year old brother Mansour
and brother Nadir who is also 57
subhanallah.
Just imagine the people back in the day
when they would have to travel certain
distances for months or even years. What
is one thing that they would carry with
them?
The Quoran. Why? Because they did not
have it on their mobile devices or their
gadgets. Brothers and sisters, imagine
you have a app, the Quoranic app, which
not only shows you how much rewards you
get, but reminds you to read the Quoran,
gives you reminders. Download the
Quoranic app now and let it testify for
you on Yom Qiyamah that you read it
wherever you was.
As-salamu alaykum wa rahmatullahi wa
barakatuh brothers and sisters and dear
friends, welcome to another episode of
the Dawah Project podcast. I'm here with
two amazing well three amazing guests
and we've got our co-host Dawud masha
Allah uh the powerhouse when it comes to
knowledge and alhamdulillah amongst our
guests there. Um we're going to be do do
doing the topic today about the San
Diego shooting. Yes. Um three innocent
people who lost their life. Brother Amin
who fight back and saved the lives of
hundreds of innocent children there. The
aim was to go in there and massacre
these kids. Um but before we delve into
and go to our guests we'll start at nine
and a pass. Um
let's dissect these individuals their
manifesto
just to give an idea and then we're
going to go straight to our guests
inshallah to delve into what is the root
cause of this and how we can combat this
and solutions inshallah. So Dawud Yeah.
Who are these individuals? Cuz the first
thing that I saw was the picture and he
had um his name is what? Uh so yeah, so
we had two perpetrators uh by the name
of Kaleb Lee Clark. um He was um So, are
they female or male? I'm so sorry. I I
don't know.
>> Okay, so they are both males from what
we know. Okay. Um there are
There's There's speculation and there's
also propaganda being peddled online
right now that Kaleb Lee Clark possibly
was transgender. Okay. Very similar to
the Charlie Kirk shootings. There was
ideas of um The leftists. Leftists. And
this is again politically driven. And
then we had the other perpetrator by the
name of Caleb Liam Vargas, who was the
other one. He was the one who basically
murdered both of them. Subhanallah.
Yeah, he's the one who murdered both of
them. Um And himself. And himself, yeah.
So, Kaleb Lee Clark
is
a self-described Christian eco-fascist.
Um so, there's plenty of
you know um
um digital footprint of him. Mhm. We Is
this him? Yeah, that's him. So, this is
the one who goes with the name of
>> of Kaleb Lee Clark. Flectarn Crusader.
>> Flectarn Crusader, yeah. Um that was his
um TikTok account and he has left a lot
of digital footprint. That's him there,
yeah. That's him there, yeah? Yeah, he
He's the one who gets shot by Caleb.
Yeah. So, and then Caleb Liam Vargas, he
actually was been speaking to the police
department last year in 2025 because one
of the people who knew him Mhm. alerted
the officials of his
extremist talking points that he had.
>> Oh. And the um
What's it called? Mass casualty attacks
that he was talking about to other
people.
>> was warned. They were warned. He was
already on on the register and people
had um
him on the report card. Yeah. So, he was
not like unknown to the local police.
Yeah. Um and
Kaleb Lee Clark, of course, also was
spreading a lot of like
you know, dangerous ideas online.
Um and what we are facing right now is
that we are looking at people who are
copycat.
Copycatting
attacks that has happened before in the
in the Western world. And
in fact, one of the manifesto, the
manifesto they released and we're going
to go into not all of it, but we're
going to go into all the points of the
manifesto.
>> yeah, yeah. Let's let's go to the
>> Yeah. So the manifesto was actually and
we was we just was speaking of the
crusades. The title of the manifesto was
the new crusade sons of Tarrant.
Mhm. That was the title of the the
manifesto. So Tarrant, they're here
referring to the Christchurch attacker,
terrorist. And they're
basically saying they're the sons of
him. Wow.
>> You know,
reference to Brenton Tarrant
and who killed 51 people and injured 89
more in attacks on the mosque and
Islamic center of Christchurch, New
Zealand in 2019. Tarrant's rampage has
inspired numerous of copycats.
And there is this big image that we have
of all the guys who have been inspired
by Anders Breivik and and Tarrant.
So when we look at the manifesto which
has been released by the Anti-Defamation
League which is a
anti, you know, racist
organization. They because you can't
find the manifesto online anymore. It's
been taken down because of fear of, you
know, copycats reading it. But I have
extracts of it and if you look hard and
you will find it unfortunately.
But they've breaking it down into like
five spots,
main areas that these guys discuss and I
will try to quote some of the stuff they
say as well. Yeah.
Yeah, so sure. So like first one is
white supremacy and the idea of
accelerationism
which is the idea that we have to
collapse society in order to rebuild it.
So collapse society means collapse of
governments, collapse of national guard,
and collapse of just overall executive.
Reconstruct and reconstruct. So, we have
to destroy it. Subhanallah. It has to be
destroyed.
And he says the 18-year-old shooter
calls himself an
accelerationist and writing says, "I
believe that accelerating towards the
destruction of our current political
system
and towards an all-out race war Yeah.
for the purpose of societal collapse is
the only way forward."
Subhanallah. Yeah.
Uh so, that was Caleb who said it.
The other guy, Lee, he says
Chris um
eco
So, he calls himself a Christian
eco-fascist
Mhm. claims that the only solution to
the current state of our world is to
accelerate towards the complete utter
collapse of society. Subhanallah. So,
this is a tenant of it. And then they
say the second one, which is so ironic,
is anti-Semitism. Okay. They have a deep
hatred for race for for for for Semites
and for Jews. Oh, okay.
>> Yeah, deep hatred. So, yeah. Both
shooters expressed virulent anti-Semitic
views in their manifesto making clear
that they believe Jews have an
overwhelming power in US politics and
that consequently only violence can
solve their perceived problems, you
know? So, this is crazy. So, he says
the universal enemy Mhm. you know, and
this is Caleb saying this, claims that
all society and global problems can be
traced back to group the Jews.
Subhanallah. You know? So, the third
point they make in their manifesto is
about Islamophobia. Mhm. You know? Uh
so, they believe of the great
replacement theory. They believed in the
great replacement theory. And this is
something that someone like like Tommy
Robinson would openly openly say on his
match.
>> him. We love him. That yes, they they
were that white people or Europeans are
being replaced. This is a tagline that
the have said and we can see now that
it's causing lots and lots of problem.
Um they call Muslims invaders.
And
they were referring to Tarrant again the
Christchurch
what's it called attacker or terrorist.
And so Caleb says they hate the religion
of Islam itself. They hate the religion
of Islam itself. And he also claims that
the religion is in every way
incompatible and hostile to the Western
countries morals and values. And this is
literally something that
Charlie Kirk said. He said
It's not compatible. And I
agree with him. It's not compatible in
the sense where your morals are
absolutely
abhorrent. Islamic morals are we've seen
it with the episode with the Crusaders.
I agree with that statement but not in
that way. So they're definitely right.
We don't go and kill innocent people
women and children genocide. That
doesn't happen. Just another line and
shall we go before we go to our guest
inshallah. So Well there's two more
things that I
three more things we really have to
discuss quickly.
>> Okay. Let's discuss
Okay. The next one is anti-black racism.
I don't know if you can see there's a
pattern here and we will discuss this in
another video. There's a pattern here.
We have to really discuss. So anti-black
racism they believe that
even if they were to get rid of the
Muslims and the Jews the root of all
problems is black people because they
have low IQ
and they are literally dragging the rest
of
humanity down with their low IQ.
Um so
here he says he he attacks black culture
and claiming that the N-word quote is
extremely infectious and destructive.
And of course the irony. Yeah. I'm going
to go to a school and kill madrasa
children and I'm going to kill myself.
What's a high IQ operation? Exactly.
Another point and reference is inceldom
and hatred of women.
This is where the red pill comes in. God
damn. Yeah. So they had extreme hatred
for the women
Uh, the way they talk about women and
they also talk about frustration. So,
they claim of romantic sexual
frustrations Oh, man. that they never
had the ability to be uh, with women.
And they quote someone at St. Elliot. He
is a a famous
uh, a murderer who was killed um, people
in the school because
>> they were bullied. Yeah. He was He was
bullied. St. Elliot is this one guy.
>> two as well, probably. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Yes. Cuz he was um, okay, cool. And then
anti-LGBTQ sentiments as well. So, for
those people who are saying they were
trans Yeah. they're here clearly saying
that they hate trans anything to do with
that. And then uh, least not but least
um, is the masculine ecosystem. So, they
were promoting the idea that white
people are being mass murdered.
Therefore, they must make everything
sure to kill anything that contributes
to that. Well, that was vital
information. And you saw those pictures
there, guys. We're going to go to our
amazing guest who started brother Abbas
inshallah and dissect this. What is the
cause of this evil? Now, we're going to
be dissecting this inshallah, brothers
and sisters, and going into the
shooters. Who were the shooters? So,
those who have been doing some research
and investigation, I don't know if you
guys seen the video footage.
Okay, what I'm going to do is inshallah,
I'm going to open up for you guys just
to watch it because it is
um, them trying to go to
This is the footage. Let me just show
you guys.
Uh, let's just quickly go to that video,
inshallah. What you just saw is very
critical because they're coming in to
massacre the kids. Yes. The security
guard sees and says, "Active shooter,
lock the doors." Yes. He fires back as
far as I know. That's why if you see
they went past it. Why they shooting
back outside? Right. They missed the
security guard. Yes. So, shots being
fired. So, they're like, "Okay, there's
there's there's fight back." Yeah. Which
causes them to retreat and they leave
and go. Subhan Allah.
The question here is this. We've seen
and if we open the picture of many of
those
>> the security guard. He died. Yes. And
the the two other victims, where were
they shot? I have no idea where they
were shot because it's very interesting
cuz they come in and then they go out. I
don't know if it was on the way, someone
but they shot them.
>> mosque compound, is it? Yes, yes,
yes, yes, these are free Muslims who
passed away, subhanallah. But this is
something that
>> um we have a image of that actually. Can
you show them image and jobs
of the victims.
>> Of the victims. Can you show the images
of the victims?
>> it been called a terrorist attack so
far? No, it's called a uh there's an
active shooter. They don't label them
terrorist and they claim this it must
most likely be a hate crime.
Uh then you've got people like Luma.
Uh
literally, can you imagine a shooting
happens in a Jewish uh synagogue? And
then I and then I come out and go, "You
know, just the way this was a radical
Jewish synagogue." By the way, is that
what you trying to say? Are you
justifying it?
>> Yeah, of course she's justifying.
>> 100%. They They These people These
people are the lowest scum of the earth.
Like these people are so hateful, it's
unbelievable, right? They They will
justify any crime against Muslims. Yeah.
We the Muslims, we have a very
consistent standard. We absolutely
absolutely under no circumstances allow
>> anyone anyone
to justify I I tell you what. killings
of innocent people anywhere in the
world. Yeah. Okay, this is our
consistent standard throughout history.
We cannot possibly justify killing of
innocent people or even even accept it.
>> Yeah, we condemn it 100%. We absolutely
regardless of who the innocent people
are. Yeah. Doesn't matter whether
>> Like what happened to Jewish people
>> Christians, atheists, doesn't matter.
Yeah. I mean we absolutely condemn it.
100%. Unconditionally, unashamedly
Okay, we condemn it because we are proud
of Islam. Our faith teaches us to
protect all innocent people on the
planet. Okay? The Quran actually has a
very powerful verse to fight for the
innocent, to protect the innocent. Those
who are being oppressed. Okay? So how
can
anyone become a killer of the innocent?
Okay? So this is the The Islamically, we
are very consistent, but these people
who hate Muslims so much that they will
justify
or even cheer for some of these crimes.
So there's an image of the the victims
unfortunately. These are the three men.
The security guard is that man Yeah,
Abdullah and the brother is 51 years
old. And then you have a 78-year-old
brother Mansour
and a brother Nadir who is also 57.
Subhanallah. Rahmatullah alayhim. Allah
has mercy on them.
>> give them all Jannah. They're shaheed
anyway.
>> This is very disturbing. The fact that
the media is still not calling it a
terrorist attack is very disturbing. I'm
not shocked. I'm not surprised. The
amount of Islamophobia on Western media,
in the mouths of Western politicians we
see, okay, I'm not surprised. Yeah.
Because the whole system now it seems is
against Muslims. Okay, especially
in particular Muslims living in the
West. Okay, there is open season it
seems. Yeah. Okay, open I mean, look, we
recently had this march in London. It
was an anti-Muslim march. Yeah. Yeah. It
was effectively more than anything it
was an anti-Muslim march. And when when
when kids or youngsters or gullible
impressionable children or youngsters
end up committing atrocities like this,
yeah, they are terrorists. They are
criminals, no doubt. But who makes them
those criminals is the question. What
drives them? What motivates them?
>> So Anders Breivik is
him after his actions he was in he said
he was in his manifesto inspired by
Tommy Robinson and there's the others
Robert Spencer.
Yeah, that's my the rest. He he had a
ripple effect and we know he was
inspired by what the Crusaders which we
discussed on a different episode. It's
going back to that Subhanallah which you
can see these individuals and then the
Christchurch attack that happened and
these individuals these kids who carried
this attack they were called it What was
the name of the corner self?